Document possibility to use external Prometheus server (#1834)
liqotech/liqo: docs/usage/prometheus-metrics.md

# Prometheus Metrics

This section presents the metrics exposed by Liqo, using the [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) format.

> Although in this page we suppose Prometeus is running in your cluster, please note that this is not structly required: metrics can be scraped also by a Prometheus running in another cluster, with Liqo metrics exposed through a dedicated endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
Although in this page we suppose Prometeus is running in your cluster, please note that this is not structly required: metrics can be scraped also by an external Prometheus server, with Liqo metrics exposed through a dedicated endpoint.
```

## Scraping metrics

Gathering of Liqo metrics is **disabled** by default.

> To enable scraping metrics from Liqo, you should set the `--enable-metrics` *liqoctl* flag during installation (cf. [installation customization options](InstallCustomization)).

Author: ```suggestion
To enable the scraping of metrics from Liqo, you should set the `--enable-metrics` *liqoctl* flag during installation (cf. [installation customization options](InstallCustomization)).
```

> In this case, Liqo assumes that you leverage the [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) to run Prometheus, hence it creates also a **ServiceMonitor** resource for each component (WHICH?) and a **PodMonitor** resource for the Virtual kubelet.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case, Liqo assumes that you leverage the [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) to run Prometheus, hence it creates also the proper **ServiceMonitor** and **PodMonitor** resources that are automatically associated to the components that export metrics (e.g., network gateway, virtual kubelet).
```

> Hence, metrics are scraped depending on how your **Prometheus server(s)** has been configured.

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, metrics are scraped depending on how your **Prometheus server(s)** has been configured.
```
